Add process for SIG-Node collaboration (#141)
containerd/project: SIG-NODE.md

  critical to the upcoming kubernetes releases (likely via issue)
* Communicating which containerd release(s) will include a given KEP (usually
  the next minor release in our
  [6-month release cadence](https://containerd.io/releases/#release-cadence))
  and whether there are implications to prior containerd releases as KEPs are
  promoted
* Ensuring other types of SIG-Node integration pain points have at least one
  containerd maintainer assigned. These include urgent Kubernetes PRs that
  require containerd support and standard issues that don’t require a KEP, long
  running infra tasks, major critest/crictl interop up on
  kubernetes-sigs/critools, etc.
* Being a
  [Kubernetes org member](https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/community-membership.md#member)
  and
  [SIG-Node member](https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/sig-node/sig-node-contributor-ladder.md)
  (prerequisite for volunteering)
* Being available in the `#sig-node` channel of the [Kubernetes slack](https://slack.kubernetes.io)

### KEP shepherd

At least one containerd maintainer will be assigned (as part of KEP triage) to

> shepherd each active KEP planned for the current or next Kubernetes release

Reviewer: ```suggestion
shepherd each active KEP planned for integration through containerd. An active KEP is one that has already been implemented in a current or prior Kubernetes release or is being considered for an upcoming Kubernetes release 
```

Author: done
